How do you enforce the other? Okay, well, to assume that everyone's vicious
species I always got the damage was really not. Everyone has gone
down. So I put on the West. How do you ensure that your team, you
know, it's honorable leading their mission. That's simple. Expect
or you personally inspects. So if the next watch they were supposed
to bring on, you know, bring number two boiler at a lay up and getting
ready to go online on the old 400 watch and you come up I had four
hundreds. Take the watch and the ball is not, uh, what's going on.
Okay, so it's things like that. You know, if all of a sudden you know
things are not happening, we're supposed to. That's an indication.
So you have to turn around and, you know, enforce it. Okay, um, we
were supposed to have all the ships boats stowed away, and then everyone
could go on the recall ships boats on stowed away taking the watch.
You could keep the watch. Do you still little boats away? So that's
an indicator. It's hard. It's not like the battery. It's not academy
environment. Fleet is not the academy, so but waken still expect
that you would bring duty, honor, country, honor. Fidelity Integrity's
with you